# coverage of zombie benchmark
for bangyen's very cool research project

### instructions for use
Dependencies:
- Racket
- raco
- raco cover

1. CONFIGURE `files-cover/zombie-combined-all.rlt`: put all the tests you want to run in there, and the program that the tests are supposed to cover. there should be a (run-tests ...) statement for each test, and each statement should be on a different line. make sure all relative paths are from POV of the root folder, not `files-cover` folder (see relative path for zombie-hist)
2. RUN `cover-script.rkt`
3. make sure you are cd into the root folder
4. run the raco cover command from the root folder. you will find the command in `files-cover/cover-cmd.txt`
5. now you can run the html parser on the files in `coverage-new/files-cover`!

### whats in this repo?
A few things are included in this repo:
1. All the zombie benchmark files (UNTYPED) + their dependencies in `files-benchmark` and `base`
2. All the zombie tests in `files-tests`
4. Files related to determining each test's coverage of zombie in `files-cover`
    - `zombie-combined-all.rkt` contains the content of all zombie benchmark files and all zombie tests, combined into one file. note that there are many run-test statements throughout `zombie-combined-all.rkt`.
    - each `run-test-XXX.rkt` file is a copy of `zombie-combined-all.rkt`, but with all but ONE of the run-test statements in `zombie-combined-all.rkt` removed. the `XXX` corresponds to the line number of the run-test statement from `zombie-combined-all.rkt` that is included in `run-test-XXX.rkt`. the run-test statement can be found at the bottom of the `run-test-XXX.rkt` file.
    - `cover-cmd.txt` provides the text of the raco cover command you should run to generate coverage info of all the `run-test-XXX.rkt` files
5. `cover-script.rkt`, a script that uses `zombie-combined-all.rkt` to generate a `run-test-XXX.rkt` file for each run-test statement in `zombie-combined-all.rkt`. this script also generates the raco cover command in `cover-cmd.txt` for ease of running raco cover.
6. `coverage-new` contains the output of running the raco cover command. open `index.html` in your browser to see the stats generated by raco cover for each `run-test-XXX.rkt` file.